bitbucketserver: Document rate limit change and rationale (#9048)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Archived repositories are excluded from search by default. Adding `archived:yes` includes archived repositories.
- Forked repositories are excluded from search by default. Adding `fork:yes` includes forked repositories.
- CSRF and session cookies now set `SameSite=None` when Sourcegraph is running behind HTTPS and `SameSite=Lax` when Sourcegraph is running behind HTTP in order to comply with a [recent IETF proposal](https://web.dev/samesite-cookies-explained/#samesitenone-must-be-secure). As a side effect, the Sourcegraph browser extension and GitLab/Bitbucket native integrations can only connect to private instances that have HTTPS configured. If your private instance is only running behind HTTP, please configure your instance to use HTTPS in order to continue using these.

> - The Bitbucket Server rate limit that Sourcegraph self-imposes has been raised from 120 req/min to 480 req/min to account for Sourcegraph instances that make use of Sourcegraphs' Bitbucket Server repository permissions and campaigns at the same time (which require a larger number of API requests gainst Bitbucket). The new number is based on us consuming roughly 8% the average API request rate against a large customers' Bitbucket Server instance. [#9048](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/9048/files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Bitbucket Server rate limit that Sourcegraph self-imposes has been raised from 120 req/min to 480 req/min to account for Sourcegraph instances that make use of Sourcegraphs' Bitbucket Server repository permissions and campaigns at the same time (which require a larger number of API requests aginst Bitbucket). The new number is based on us consuming roughly 8% the average API request rate against at large customers' Bitbucket Server instances. [#9048](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/9048/files)
```

> - The Bitbucket Server rate limit that Sourcegraph self-imposes has been raised from 120 req/min to 480 req/min to account for Sourcegraph instances that make use of Sourcegraphs' Bitbucket Server repository permissions and campaigns at the same time (which require a larger number of API requests aginst Bitbucket). The new number is based on us consuming roughly 8% the average API request rate against at large customers' Bitbucket Server instances. [#9048](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/9048/files)

Reviewer 2: Is this a typo? `s/aginst/against/`?

Reviewer: Omg, I typed a typo while fixing a typo :man_facepalming:
